workshop/content/exercises/03-IDE-Tools.md, before:

As we saw previously, Application Accelerator allows you to download your project template as a .zip file to your local machine, using the Web UI. Here, we are going to use a command-line tool to download the template to our workshop terminal session. The Tanzu CLI provides plugin features for working with Tanzu Application Platform. Let's download the project template:

```execute
tanzu accelerator generate spring-sensors --server-url https://accelerator.{{ ENV_VIEW_CLUSTER_DOMAIN }}
```

It was downloaded as a .zip file, so we'll need to unzip it:

```execute
unzip -o spring-sensors.zip
```

This is a Java web application, let's take a look at the source code:

```editor:open-file
file: spring-sensors/src/main/java/org/tanzu/demo/DemoController.java
```

With this environment, we are using the embedded Coder dev environment that runs in your browser. Of course, you can also code on your local machine using supported IDEs like Visual Studio Code and IntelliJ IDEA. In our app, we see HTTP endpoints defined for generating and displaying sensor data. Give the embdedded Coder a few seconds to complete initialization; in the bottom right blue bar of the embedded Coder editor, you will see Java and a thumbs up symbol when initialization is complete.  Let's use the Developer Tooling in Tanzu Application Platform to run the application.

```editor:open-file
file: spring-sensors/Tiltfile
``` 

Tiltfile was generated by Application Accelerator as part of our project template. If you've never used Tilt before, this script may seem like a lot. Let's kick it off, and then we'll talk through what it's doing. You can right click on the Tiltfile in the code editor, and select `Tanzu: Live Update Start` in the pop-up menu. **Or**, you can click on the command below to accomplish the same thing.

```editor:execute-command
command: tanzu.liveUpdateStart
```

The Tiltfile script is going to deploy our application into our development environment, and it will take about 2.5 minutes to run to completion the first time. But don't worry! It is setting us up to run iterative deployments that will be much, much faster.

Commit message:

Add not about Tanzu Dev plugin popping up a message about watching a namespace

workshop/content/exercises/03-IDE-Tools.md, after:

As we saw previously, Application Accelerator allows you to download your project template as a .zip file to your local machine, using the Web UI. Here, we are going to use a command-line tool to download the template to our workshop terminal session. The Tanzu CLI provides plugin features for working with Tanzu Application Platform. Let's download the project template:

```execute
tanzu accelerator generate spring-sensors --server-url https://accelerator.{{ ENV_VIEW_CLUSTER_DOMAIN }}
```

It was downloaded as a .zip file, so we'll need to unzip it:

```execute
unzip -o spring-sensors.zip
```

This is a Java web application, let's take a look at the source code:

```editor:open-file
file: spring-sensors/src/main/java/org/tanzu/demo/DemoController.java
```

With this environment, we are using the embedded Coder dev environment that runs in your browser. Of course, you can also code on your local machine using supported IDEs like Visual Studio Code and IntelliJ IDEA. In our app, we see HTTP endpoints defined for generating and displaying sensor data. Give the embdedded Coder a few seconds to complete initialization; in the bottom right blue bar of the embedded Coder editor, you will see Java and a thumbs up symbol when initialization is complete.  Let's use the Developer Tooling in Tanzu Application Platform to run the application.

```editor:open-file
file: spring-sensors/Tiltfile
``` 

Tiltfile was generated by Application Accelerator as part of our project template. If you've never used Tilt before, this script may seem like a lot. Let's kick it off, and then we'll talk through what it's doing. You can right click on the Tiltfile in the code editor, and select `Tanzu: Live Update Start` in the pop-up menu. **Or**, you can click on the command below to accomplish the same thing.

```editor:execute-command
command: tanzu.liveUpdateStart
```

You will notice a popup messsage asking for the IDE to watch the namespace that we're deploying the app to for Live Updates, and you should allow the plugin to watch that namespace.

The Tiltfile script is then going to deploy our application into our development environment, and it will take about 2.5 minutes to run to completion the first time. But don't worry! It is setting us up to run iterative deployments that will be much, much faster.
